Chap 1: PRACTICE QUESTIONS

1. Which of the following are operators, and which are values?

 *
 -
 /
 +
 These are operators


 5
 'hello'
 -88.8
 These are values


2. Which of the following is a variable, and which is a string?

 spam is a variable
 'spam' is a string


3. Name three data types.
   
 strings
 floating point numbers
 integers


4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?

 Expressions consist of values and operators and they can always
 evaluate down to a single value.


5.This chapter introduced assignment statements, like spam = 10. 
 What is the difference between an expression and a statement?

 An expression consists of values and operators these operators performs their 
 functions and give out a single value whereas a statement assings a value to a variable.


6. What does the variable bacon contain after the following code runs?

 The variable bacon contains the integer value 20 after running


7. What should the following two expressions evaluate to?

 'spam' + 'spamspam' = 'spamspamspam'

 'spam' * 3 = 'spamspamspam'


8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?

 eggs is a valid variable name as it follows the python rules for naming a 
 variable(in this case eggs is a valid variable because it only contains letters 
 and no space is included and it doesnt start with a number)

 100 is invalid as it starts with a number.This is against the rules for naming a 
 variable


9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number,
 or string version of a value?

 int()
 str()
 float()


10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?

 'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'

 This expression causes an error because we can only use the + operator in between 2 numbers to add it or in between 
 2 strings to concatenate. We cannot use + operator between a string and an integer.

 This can be fixed in two ways:

  'I have eaten ' + '99' + ' burritos.'
                or
  'I have eaten ' + str(99) + ' burritos.'
     
