CHAPTER 3

PRACTICE QUESTIONS


1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?

   Functions makes our program shorter by avoiding repetition.
   

2. When does the code in a function execute: when the function is defined or 
   when the function is called?

   The code in a functions executes only when the function is called.


3. What statement creates a function?

   def   statement


4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?

   A function is created with def statement and it has the codes that has to be run when
   the function is called.

   A function call is when the function is called to execute its code.


5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
   
   One global scope and it is created when our program begins.
   A local scope is created whenever a function is called.


6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?

   When the function call returns, the variables in a local scope are forgotten.


7. What is a return value? Can a return value be part of an expression?

   The value that a function call evaluates to is called the return value of the function.
   Yes it can be part of an expression.


8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?

   None


9. How can you force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable?

   By global statement


10. What is the data type of None?

   NoneType


11. What does the import areallyourpetsnamederic statement do?

   It imports the python module areallyourpetsnamederic 


12. If you had a function named bacon() in a module named spam, how would you call it after importing spam?

   spam.bacon()


13. How can you prevent a program from crashing when it gets an error?

   By using try and except clause.


14. What goes in the try clause? What goes in the except clause?

   Try clause takes the code that may give an error.
   Execpt clause has the codes to run if the code that might cause an error causes an error.
